hey everyone stand back once again and
it's time to look at the LG you proud of
three and this time we're going to look
at the camera and better give you a
quick tour on the camera application
because it's a bit of a slightly
different take on wave normally getting
an android stock Android device let's
sir so here obviously the LG prada three
so we'll just turn her on there we go
it's as I've shown you before that nice
display online so I got the camera
application and see it's pretty snapper
so when you look at the first of all
obviously it does look a bit of a has
got a bit of a stockage looking look to
it deposits got some slight modification
down the side here and as I telling you
you can use this button here as that
your camera button so what others will
take some quick snapshots of the galaxy
xcover so put it there which I'll show
that I like to use the button at the
side here to actually check the picture
so see how quick it is I sell their
pretty damn quick take another one again
very very quick at that so what those
already through some the settings as
well obviously you can put the front of
it and come run if we press it this
propolis time some there we go you'll
probably see my camera hello hello go
back to the camera there you can never
say have your zoom so you can have you
zoom zoom in and out you then got your
different white balance since obviously
changing the all that kind of stuff auto
flashy could have an auto-off are just
on constantly jump into the sentence you
do you focus you can have it to our tour
will tell you all to the world bring it
down like that hot fuzz looks a bit
better there we go so we've got Auto
face tracking and continuous image size
we got a megapixel 53 and one different
scene modes you have an art draw part
portrait landscape or sunset it's pretty
cool now I like this is you get I saw
settings so you can have auto 4 100
children 100 so obviously don't go to
the high sends but again is it coming
with enough on so it's not gonna have
the highest settings out there and last
but not least he can have a different
white balancing secret art or
incandescent sauna fluorescent and cloud
which I think's nice so if we switch to
the camera office is just going to
switch it across there it's now already
touched to do the camera so you can
actually now do its full HD 1080p at 30
frames a second we'll jump into things
set here again and look there we go it
does have full HD HD TV vga to vga and
cuse if so which obviously if you like
you ever less and whatnot so we'll put
on full HD once again you can have your
white balance in now audio recording you
can have it on or you can have em you
add which secrete decent idea I guess
auto review can have on our off and I
believe that's it and if I was storage
card yeah you can if you have a storage
card in there you can obviously record
to the storage card it's got eight
gigabytes of memory so it's got plenty
tough to be starting off on that so what
do is I'll shoot a quick a quick video
just going a bit closer in an hour of
the actual north of fun I've got here
the Galaxy Xcover and i'll pass it up on
youtube channels on so what others will
see if we can actually include this
within this video as well just give you
a quick motion so i'll give it a quick
look see if there's any kind of
blurriness and whatnot see what else we
got on the table not much so it's a bit
hard to obviously show you the near
while they look a lot of separate video
i've obviously me i'm doing a full video
a test in 1080p on this camera so there
we go that's just look at actual camera
and i think you will agree it is pretty
fast actually you know switch it from
one to the other phone uses button ear
just better tap it there you go and once
again tap takes it autofocus works and
obviously want to review pictures just
click that look on their text into the
gallery and obviously to go further than
bit by bit so there we go anywhere
people and
questions the gas the LG prada camera
anything else about the phone you're not
to do by now hit me up down below don't
forget to go check out gone mobile comm
link in the description and that's it if
you're not already subscribed you know
what to do hit the subscribe button if
you liked the video click like if you
didn't like it I'd also appreciate to
click like and if you don't mind you
know marvel yeah and de Graaff a melt
water which is a hat samjhe Paulo and
Rio people thank for watching and I
should see in the next one cheers
everyone
you